fixed punctuation issues and modified text in wagtail documentation. (#8262)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/topics/writing_templates.rst

Rich text (filter)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This filter takes a chunk of HTML content and renders it as safe HTML in the page. Importantly, it also expands internal shorthand references to embedded images and links made in the Wagtail editor, into fully-baked HTML ready for display.

Reviewer: I think this works better with the extra comma. "expands ... into" is a single expression - with two commas, this can be read as one expression that's interrupted by a parenthetical comment:

> Importantly, it also expands internal shorthand references to embedded images (and links made in the Wagtail editor) into fully-baked HTML ready for display.

but with only one comma, it's incorrectly splitting the phrase into two. We could remove both, but then it's a bit too long to read without breaks.

Reviewer: sorry, I wasn't clear there - the parentheses weren't a suggestion, they were an explanation of how the existing sentence should be read. I think this should be kept as the original version, with two commas.

Author: My bad for the misinterpretation, but wait this is getting confusing.

**This filter takes a chunk of HTML content and renders it as safe HTML in the page. Importantly, it also expands internal shorthand references to embedded images and links made in the Wagtail editor into, fully-baked HTML ready for display.**

Should the final edit look like above ??

Reviewer: No, I think this should be kept as the original text:

> This filter takes a chunk of HTML content and renders it as safe HTML in the page. Importantly, it also expands internal shorthand references to embedded images, and links made in the Wagtail editor, into fully-baked HTML ready for display.

Author: Should be ok now .
have a look.

    ...
    <img src="{% static "name_of_app/myimage.jpg" %}" alt="My image"/>

> Notice that the full path name is not required and the path snippet you enter only need to begin with the parent app's directory name.

Reviewer: "only need begin" is grammatically correct, but a bit archaic in style - you get the same thing in phrases like "he need not worry". This is probably worth rewriting anyhow, since it's over-simplifying how static files work...

```suggestion
Notice that the full path is not required - the path given here is relative to the app's ``static`` directory. To avoid clashes with static files from other apps (including Wagtail itself), it's recommended to place static files in a subdirectory of ``static`` with the same name as the app.
```
